ap: purpose `_misskey_license` on `Emoji` (#211)
misskey-dev/misskey-hub-next: content/ns.md

Used on actors to indicate that they in some way identify as a cat, expressed as a boolean value.
If this property is set to `true`, displaying the actor or their notes will have some special effects attached in some clients.

## `_misskey_license`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_license`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_license`

This value is used to express licenses for `Emoji` objects.
This value may not exist because either:

- The source server do not follow this extension, or
- The source server uses old Misskey version

This value has following known properties:

> - `freeText`: describes how usage is permitted from its author in free text. This is not machine-friendly. The language of content is not specified, so Receivers SHOULD NOT assume it's written in some specific language.

Author: ```suggestion
- `freeText`: The value is either string or null. Describes how usage is permitted from its author in non-machine-friendly free text. Implies Sender did not set explicit license if the value is null. The language of content is not specified, so Receivers SHOULD NOT assume it's written in some specific language.
```

> - `freeText`: The value is either string or null. Describes how usage is permitted from its author in non-machine-friendly free text. Implies Sender did not set explicit license if the value is null. The language of content is not specified, so Receivers SHOULD NOT assume it's written in some specific language.

Author: ```suggestion
- `freeText`: The value is either string or null. This field MUST present. Describes how usage is permitted from its author in non-machine-friendly free text. Implies Sender did not set explicit license if the value is null. The language of content is not specified, so Receivers SHOULD NOT assume it's written in some specific language.
```

This property is used for `Actor` type object. This property has same semantics and value range as `_misskey_makeNotesFollowersOnlyBefore` but affected viewer: the value affects everyone but author themselves.

This property is not guaranteed to work on older Misskey or non-Misskey implementation.

## `_misskey_license`

- compact IRI: `misskey:_misskey_license`
- canonical IRI: `https://misskey-hub.net/ns#_misskey_license`

> This value is used to express licenses for `Emoji` objects.
> This value may not exist because either:

Author: ```suggestion
This property is used to express licenses about each `Emoji` objects.
This property may not exist due to following reasons:
```

- The source server do not follow this extension, or
- The source server uses old Misskey version

> This value has following known properties:

Author: ```suggestion
This property has following known properties:
```

- `freeText`: The value is either string or null. This field MUST present. Describes how usage is permitted from its author in non-machine-friendly free text. Implies Sender did not set explicit license if the value is null. The language of content is not specified, so Receivers SHOULD NOT assume it's written in some specific language.

> Senders SHOULD NOT set properties in other way that differs in above description except in the case of keeping backwards compatibility.
> 
> Senders SHOULD NOT set unknown properties except in the case of keeping backwards compatibility, because more property may be added in the future.
> 
> Receivers SHOULD ignore unknown properties.

Author: ```suggestion
Source servers SHOULD NOT set properties in other way that differs in above description except in the case of keeping backwards compatibility.

Source servers SHOULD NOT set unknown properties except in the case of keeping backwards compatibility, because more property may be added in the future.

Recipient servers SHOULD ignore unknown properties.
```
